README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# JavaScript Constructors

## Prerequisites

- [ga-wdi-boston/js-objects-this](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/js-objects-this)

## Objectives

- Use a constructor function to produce objects of a particular type.
- Attach attributes to a new object using the constructor function.
- Recall the cost of defining methods inside a constructor function.

## Preparation

1. Fork and clone this repository.
 [FAQ](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone)
1. Change to the new directory.
1. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
1. Create and checkout a new branch, `training`

## Similar Objects

Now that we're using objects to solve problems, it might make sense to have a
way to make multiple objects with the same kind of format - an 'object factory',
designed to construct objects of a particular type.

Suppose we had the following object describing a favorite comic book hero:

```js
const batman = {
  name: 'Bruce Wayne',
  alias: 'The Bat-man',

  usePower: function () {
    return 'Spend money and hit people'
  }
}
```

And now we want another object describing a different hero:

```js
const wonderWoman = {
  name: 'Diana Prince',
  alias: 'Wonder Woman',

  usePower: function () {
    return 'Deflect bullets with bracelets'
  }
}
```

Why is this not a good answer?

Because *copy-and-paste reuse is one of the biggest sources of errors* in
software development.

## Lab: Model a Hero

What features do `batman` and `wonderWoman` share?  Remember to think about
attributes and methods when you're modeling.  Also take note of what differs
between them.

Make a diagram of our `Hero` entity based on the above objects.

## Demo: Constructors

JavaScript's answer to the copy-and-paste reuse problem is **constructor
functions**.  Constructor functions:

- Always start with a capital letter (convention).
- Are always used with the `new` keyword (self-enforced).

Bad things happen when you break these rules.

Let's make a Hero constructor function. We'll make use of the function to
reduce duplication in our objects, while allowing the difference to vary by
only defining the differences when we *construct* the new object.

```js
const usePower = function () {
  return this._power
}

const Hero = function (name, alias, power) {
  this.name = name
  this.alias = alias
  this._power = power
  this.usePower = usePower
}
```

It is conventional to use a leading underscore (`_`) on a property name to
indicate to future developers that the property is **not** intended for direct
access or assignment. Nothing in JavaScript enforces this convention, but
developers should consider any property with a leading underscore *private* to
the object (not accessible from the outside).

`const` is just like `let`, except `const` will not let you re-assign a value
to the same name.

```js
const foo = 'bar'
foo = 'baz' // explode!
```

What does my choice of `const` tell you about my expectations for constructor
functions?

We defined a method inside the `Hero` constructor, but doing that is a bad
idea. JavaScript allows it, but **don't do it**. We'll see the right way to
achieve a near identical and preferred result shortly.

Now, let's create `wonderWoman` using the constructor function instead of an
object literal:

```js
const wonderWoman = new Hero('Diana Prince',
                           'Wonder Woman',
                           'Deflect bullets with bracelets')
//=> undefined

wonderWoman
/* => { name: 'Diana Prince',
  alias: 'Wonder Woman',
  power: 'Deflects bullets with bracelets',
  usePower: [Function] }
  */
```

`new`, a JavaScript keyword, does the following, in order:

1. Creates an empty object (`{}`).
1. Attaches the constructor function to the object as a property.
1. Invokes the constructor function as a method on the object.
1. Returns the object.

A new object created this way is sometimes called an 'instance' of type `Hero`.

## Lab: Refactor Object Literals Using Constructors

Refactor the run tracker code from the [previous
 lesson](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/js-objects-this) to use
 constructor functions instead of copying properties between object literals.

Leave the methods out for now. We'll add them back shortly.

There are no tests for this (yet), but you can still use `grunt nag` to lint
your code and look for syntax errors.

You should have at least two constructor functions when you've finished.

## Additional Resources

- [Object.prototype.constructor - MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/constructor)

## [License](LICENSE)

1. All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

Add test for Run instance timeTaken property
- Add test to ensure each Run instance has a 'timeTaken' property.
- Update lab instructions in README to reflect new tests.
- Closes #58

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# JavaScript Constructors

## Prerequisites

- [ga-wdi-boston/js-objects-this](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/js-objects-this)

## Objectives

- Use a constructor function to produce objects of a particular type.
- Attach attributes to a new object using the constructor function.
- Recall the cost of defining methods inside a constructor function.

## Preparation

1. Fork and clone this repository.
 [FAQ](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone)
1. Change to the new directory.
1. Install dependencies with `npm install`.
1. Create and checkout a new branch, `training`

## Similar Objects

Now that we're using objects to solve problems, it might make sense to have a
way to make multiple objects with the same kind of format - an 'object factory',
designed to construct objects of a particular type.

Suppose we had the following object describing a favorite comic book hero:

```js
const batman = {
  name: 'Bruce Wayne',
  alias: 'The Bat-man',

  usePower: function () {
    return 'Spend money and hit people'
  }
}
```

And now we want another object describing a different hero:

```js
const wonderWoman = {
  name: 'Diana Prince',
  alias: 'Wonder Woman',

  usePower: function () {
    return 'Deflect bullets with bracelets'
  }
}
```

Why is this not a good answer?

Because *copy-and-paste reuse is one of the biggest sources of errors* in
software development.

## Lab: Model a Hero

What features do `batman` and `wonderWoman` share?  Remember to think about
attributes and methods when you're modeling.  Also take note of what differs
between them.

Make a diagram of our `Hero` entity based on the above objects.

## Demo: Constructors

JavaScript's answer to the copy-and-paste reuse problem is **constructor
functions**.  Constructor functions:

- Always start with a capital letter (convention).
- Are always used with the `new` keyword (self-enforced).

Bad things happen when you break these rules.

Let's make a Hero constructor function. We'll make use of the function to
reduce duplication in our objects, while allowing the difference to vary by
only defining the differences when we *construct* the new object.

```js
const usePower = function () {
  return this._power
}

const Hero = function (name, alias, power) {
  this.name = name
  this.alias = alias
  this._power = power
  this.usePower = usePower
}
```

It is conventional to use a leading underscore (`_`) on a property name to
indicate to future developers that the property is **not** intended for direct
access or assignment. Nothing in JavaScript enforces this convention, but
developers should consider any property with a leading underscore *private* to
the object (not accessible from the outside).

`const` is just like `let`, except `const` will not let you re-assign a value
to the same name.

```js
const foo = 'bar'
foo = 'baz' // explode!
```

What does my choice of `const` tell you about my expectations for constructor
functions?

We defined a method inside the `Hero` constructor, but doing that is a bad
idea. JavaScript allows it, but **don't do it**. We'll see the right way to
achieve a near identical and preferred result shortly.

Now, let's create `wonderWoman` using the constructor function instead of an
object literal:

```js
const wonderWoman = new Hero('Diana Prince',
                           'Wonder Woman',
                           'Deflect bullets with bracelets')
//=> undefined

wonderWoman
/* => { name: 'Diana Prince',
  alias: 'Wonder Woman',
  power: 'Deflects bullets with bracelets',
  usePower: [Function] }
  */
```

`new`, a JavaScript keyword, does the following, in order:

1. Creates an empty object (`{}`).
1. Attaches the constructor function to the object as a property.
1. Invokes the constructor function as a method on the object.
1. Returns the object.

A new object created this way is sometimes called an 'instance' of type `Hero`.

## Lab: Refactor Object Literals Using Constructors

Refactor the run tracker code from the [previous lesson](https://git.generalassemb.ly/ga-wdi-boston/js-objects-this) to use constructor functions instead of copying properties between object literals.

There are tests for the lab which can be run with `grunt test`

You should have at least two constructor functions when you've finished.

## Additional Resources

- [Object.prototype.constructor - MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/constructor)

## [License](LICENSE)

1. All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
